feat(spec-runner): seperate driver spec runner (#2)
PlaceOS/driver-spec-runner: README.md

# PlaceOS Driver Spec Runner

A spec runner for PlaceOS drivers

## Development

To test the spec runner is working:
``` ./test ```

> To test the frontend only see the frontend [readme](frontend_README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See here](frontend/README.md) for further detail on the interface.
```
